FILE                                                    LOCATION
etc/cron.daily/yandex-browser-beta	    web/yandex-browser-beta
etc/xdg/autostart/yandex-browser-beta_user_setup.desktop	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/brand_config	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/browser_100_percent.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/browser_200_percent.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/chrome-management-service	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/chrome_crashpad_handler	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/clids.xml	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/compiz.sh	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/default-app-block	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/find_ffmpeg	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/icudtl.dat	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/libEGL.so	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/libGLESv2.so	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/libabt-bindings.so	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/libqt5_shim.so	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/libvk_swiftshader.so	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/libvulkan.so.1	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/master_preferences	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/nacl_helper	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/nacl_helper_bootstrap	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/nacl_irt_x86_64.nexe	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/partner_config	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/product_logo_128.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/product_logo_16.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/product_logo_24.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/product_logo_256.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/product_logo_32.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/product_logo_32.xpm	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/product_logo_48.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/product_logo_512.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/product_logo_64.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/signature.dat	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/trusted.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/update-ffmpeg	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/user_setup	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/v8_context_snapshot.bin	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/vk_swiftshader_icd.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/xdg-mime	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/xdg-settings	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/yandex-browser	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/yandex-browser-beta	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/yandex_browser	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/yandex_browser-sandbox	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/Extensions/feedback.crx	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/Extensions/ghjgbemlcjioaaejhnnmgfpiplgalgcl.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/Extensions/imjepfoebignfgmogbbghpbkbcimgfpd.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/MEIPreload/manifest.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/MEIPreload/preloaded_data.pb	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/cron/yandex-browser-beta	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/cs.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/de.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/en-US.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/es.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/fr.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/it.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/ja.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/kk.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/pt-BR.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/pt-PT.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/ru.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/tr.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/uk.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/uz.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/zh-CN.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/locales/zh-TW.pak	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/manifest.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/047eab8146b0b558_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/04fbc3450d97490e_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/058408a083691505_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/0678e631de82664a_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/0873bf2cb2099982_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/0a0ac7e4c27362f3_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/0e94e8b9e2d58ffe_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/18de8d9884862511_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/19622bad0633abc5_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/1ad10c4bb9e37138_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/1b490cc95e531768_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/1e3be581150f50d8_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/1ffc9560df09d236_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/21b684dccbe664fa_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/2675516b9126863e_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/2a3a77511b046d86_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/2a9877b782e7616c_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/2e3d26adf3f0147e_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/32423426fdc55eca_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/3a05c6f9441d988e_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/3a0e050306a52cb7_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/456a3e2c04d7deb7_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/49eea8872c288283_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/4b477fae9a1b2657_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/4bc73b738073f498_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/4c1ad11fc30fc90c_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/4f4f61d007e599a7_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/50ae6c38f2db8b67_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/530a37ea0e43b10b_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/539767ddf9881066_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/578b773cac722002_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/5f1e887db6878202_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/5f48322b2ccf5295_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/60d011f116384335_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/656a268527694d67_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/67a9731e39e05c6b_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/6e3d3c094e6a8743_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/70f26c911503d2c7_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/71f2f0962296655c_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/79d4fa5f979d0a01_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/8068bc4269fd4748_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/836cd4fd4229569f_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/83e6b62760c5cbfc_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/86d4d8c47167dc01_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/8771b5924130c947_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/882dea2db6159549_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/88a052183f2a4b12_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/89b118f5b2ddec76_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/8b5e4fbcddac7b11_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/8fd5381983c0b1e9_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/918b9f6f3d12343e_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/949e08f78bb99d8e_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/96aed4fc6a56446b_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/9a0db43f905ad4dd_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/9b211b141a640207_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/9ba63a08ce04e6c1_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/9dfa7aeb4209ac3c_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/a1cd3ae703333f98_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/a6836e3290a88574_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/a7be6cd0d33c75e5_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/a8cb26fbb6c47874_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/a8d0b5df7a5796e7_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/ac83b2475326c601_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/af1dceb38308fbe6_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/b0d3f4cfd7a18381_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/b64f62f83c8f5135_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/bd2e553a5c59e78b_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/bed9100a2a0d7de5_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/bffd6bb9942aaecb_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/c2b4b744345a89d8_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/c2da45859e4a05e3_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/c384229ce411d4fc_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/c7bd8e2c090c9c05_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/caa492a5b9d0f04c_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/cb8545edcdf79482_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/ceede7db85b90ff1_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/cfbd5909f1ad201e_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/d73c4062464a0d85_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/d983e0f4eb829047_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/d9eef54c2a4d338f_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/da42e399da428b59_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/dcd100f566d000a0_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/de3b030126695833_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/dfd2c375a9b78b51_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/dfdecca111550ea8_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/e2ceb3bdbf6b0f73_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/ed139a418de2f350_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/f4bce814328b2722_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/f5a18425e06f328a_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/f7ce5b5d4d6c47d8_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/fe9bb83d4dd78161_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/fef132170d47887d_0	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/index	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ntp/NativeCacheStorage/web_ntp_cache/index-dir/the-real-index	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/about_logo_en.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/about_logo_en_2x.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/about_logo_ru.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/about_logo_ru_2x.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/abt_config	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/import-bg.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/sxs.ico	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/tablo	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/configs/all_zip	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/easylist/easylist.txt	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/easylist/manifest.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/extension/elokbjeafkcggjfjkakpchmcmhkhaofn/brand_settings.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/extension/fcgfaidpicddcilhjhafmmcgfodijhjd/brand_settings.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/extension/gopnelejddjjkamjfblkcijjikkinnec/brand_settings.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/morphology/dictionary-ru-RU.mrf	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/morphology/dictionary-ru-RU.mrf.sig	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/morphology/stop-words-ru-RU.list	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/safebrowsing/download.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/1-1x.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/mountains_preview.jpg	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/sea.webm	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/sea_preview.jpg	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/sea_static.jpg	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/custogray/custogray_full.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/custogray/preview.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/custogray/wallpaper.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/fir_tree/fir_tree_preview.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/fir_tree/wallpaper.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/flowers/flowers_preview.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/flowers/wallpaper.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/huangshan/huangshan.jpg	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/huangshan/huangshan.webm	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/huangshan/huangshan_preview.jpg	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/meadow/preview.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/meadow/wallpaper.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/misty_forest/preview.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/misty_forest/wallpaper.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/peak/preview.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/peak/wallpaper.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/raindrops/raindrops_preview.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/raindrops/wallpaper.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/sea/sea_preview.jpg	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/sea/sea_preview.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/sea/sea_static.jpg	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/sea/wallpaper.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/stars/preview.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/stars/wallpaper.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/web/wallpaper.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/resources/wallpapers/web/web_preview.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/116481.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/2020.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/2020_2_1.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/2020_2_3.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/2020_8_3.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/color_hat_9_0.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/color_hat_beta.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/color_hat_beta_8px.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/color_hat_beta_9_0.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/dark2_beta.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/drag_bar.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/gamers.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/gamers_black.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/geometry.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/geometry_logos.yprt	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/mac_spaces_fix.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/n2020.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/n2020_4_1.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/new_lgs.yprt	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/thin_icons.yprt	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/thin_icons_4_0.yprt	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/white_hat.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/white_hat.yprt	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/ui_config/package/win10_fat_new.yprt	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/asr_subtitles	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/current_time_setter_www_youtube_com	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/id_extraction_script_9gag_com	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/id_extraction_script_facebook	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/id_extraction_script_vimeo_com	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/id_extraction_script_vk_com	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/id_extraction_script_www_bilibili_com	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/id_extraction_script_www_coursera_org	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/id_extraction_script_www_tiktok_com	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/id_extraction_script_www_twitch_tv	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/id_extraction_script_www_youtube_com	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/log	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/manifest.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/satellite	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/subtitles	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/video_banner	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/video_translation_urls	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/video_translation/_metadata/yandex/verified_contents.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_calendar_win.targetsize-256.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_calendar_win.targetsize-32.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_calendar_win.targetsize-48.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_disk_win.targetsize-256.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_disk_win.targetsize-32.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_disk_win.targetsize-48.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_mail_win.targetsize-256.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_mail_win.targetsize-32.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_mail_win.targetsize-48.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_messenger_win.targetsize-256.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_messenger_win.targetsize-32.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_messenger_win.targetsize-48.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_notes_win.targetsize-256.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_notes_win.targetsize-32.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_notes_win.targetsize-48.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_telemost_win.targetsize-256.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_telemost_win.targetsize-32.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/360_telemost_win.targetsize-48.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/BY_v2.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/INT_v2.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/KZ_v2.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/RU_v4.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/TB_v2.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/UA_v2.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/appbro_ya_mail_RU.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/apps.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/apps_corp360.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/comconf.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/common.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/corp-360-ya-linux_mac.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/corp-360-ya.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/dummy.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/exp1.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/exp2.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/exp_with_docs.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/gamer_RU.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/manifest.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/nvidia.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/stable.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/stableBY.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/stableINT.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/stableKZ.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/stableRU.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/stableRU_v2.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/stableRU_v3.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/stableTB.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/stableUA.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/stableV2.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/telemost_exp2.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/translator_win.targetsize-256.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/translator_win.targetsize-32.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/translator_win.targetsize-48.png	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/verified_contents.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
opt/yandex/browser-beta/web_app_config/component/vk_catalog.json	    web/yandex-browser-beta
usr/bin/yandex-browser-beta	    web/yandex-browser-beta
usr/share/appdata/yandex-browser-beta.appdata.xml	    web/yandex-browser-beta
usr/share/applications/yandex-browser-beta.desktop	    web/yandex-browser-beta
usr/share/doc/yandex-browser-beta/changelog.gz	    web/yandex-browser-beta
usr/share/gnome-control-center/default-apps/yandex-browser-beta.xml	    web/yandex-browser-beta
usr/share/man/man1/yandex-browser-beta.1.gz	    web/yandex-browser-beta
usr/share/menu/yandex-browser-beta.menu	    web/yandex-browser-beta
